DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-9815 in the 6.7 Release Notes. (#2887)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== Tab navigation incorrectly stopped around `iframe` dialog components
// TINY-9815

> In previous implementations of iframe dialog components was to wrap the component into two tab stop `div` elements which are required for the tabbing cycle to remain within the dialog itself.  These fake tab stop `divs` should by default, immediately forward the focus to the next component, However, while one of the `div's` correctly achieved this functionality, the other one failed in the initial implementation. 
> 
> As a consequence, It meant that it took one additional redundant tab stop to navigate over the iframe dialog component.
> 
> {productname} 6.7, introduced a fix that now ensures that the Tab navigation now forwards the focus to the next component which now excludes redundant tab stops after the iframe dialog component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous implementation of the `iframe`-based dialog component wrapped the component inside two `<div>` elements.

This was (and is) required for *Tab* key-based navigation through the dialog’s UI objects to remain within the dialog itself.

The intended result was for the two `<div>` elements, by default, to switch focus to the next UI object of the `iframe` component for each press of the *Tab* key.

As initially implemented, however, only one of the wrapping `<div>` elements produced this functionality.

As a consequence, an additional, and redundant, pressing of the *Tab* key (or *Shift+Tab* keyboard chord if navigating backwards through the dialog) was required to navigate every addressable object within an `iframe`-based dialog component.

{productname} 6.7 includes a fix that addresses this. When navigating through an `iframe`-based dialog component using the *Tab* key, {productname} now skips over the elements that keep Tab-key–based navigation within the dialog but which do not present as focussable UI elements.

Navigating through an `iframe`-based dialog with the *Tab* key no longer requires a redundant key-press to exit an otherwise invisible component.
```
Suggested edit.
